# Meeting 4
> 11 March 2019 
## Opening

> Is everyone here? What did everybody work on since last meeting?

Did we finish all deliverables for this meeting?
- Checkstyle report
- Testing
## Approval of the agenda

> Are there any remarks somebody came across apart from the points in the agenda?

## Points of action

> The following things have to be done/considered:
-We're getting interwiewed by the CSE1105 team today.
-the second demo is due next week, the workflow of "eating a vegetarian meal" needs to be fully implemented(see rubric).
-Discuss wether we'll meet again this week and when.



## Any other business

> Are there any other points to discuss?
## Question round

> Questions for Clinton:
- how to exclude gui components from the branch coverage.
- ask about the web API for the carbon footprint.
- ask about CI.

## Closing
> Next official meeting is next week Monday, demo 2 is due and needs to be ready to show.