## Meeting 7

>01 April 2019

## Opening

- Today is demo3, did we finish all the tasks needed for it?
- How are we with checkstyle and branch coverage?
- If somebody is stuck - ask questions and we try to answer them

## Points of action

- Last demo, final part of the project
- What is there left to do?
- Decide on who is going to give the presentation
- Add remarks on report (deadline this Thursday??)
- Finish the last table of the database
- Decide on how to implement lowering temperature

## Closing

> Next meeting is week 9 when we can have a 'demo' presentation;
what other documents should we have until then?