## Meeting 5

>25 March 2019


## Opening


- Did we finish all deliverables for the meeting?
- Checkstyle report
- Testing
- Default values database
- Friends client page (still on progress)
- Graph for statistics


## Points of action


- Make the statistics graph in XCHART
- We have to find anintuitive way for user of adding activities
- We have to find a good matching between points and CO2 emissions (in progress)
- We have 4 good working features for demo 3
- We should test all the new methods

## Approval of the agenda

Questions:

- To Clinton:
- how exactly we should configure CI
- did you hear of XChart is it a good idea?
- does autocomplete sound good?
- bonus points in general. who decides and how

## Closing
> Next meeting is next week, when Demo 3 will also take place


