# Meeting 5
> 18 March 2019 
## Opening

> Is everyone here? What did everybody work on since last meeting?

Did we finish all deliverables for this meeting?
- Full workflow "Eating a vegetarian meal" Demo

## Approval of the agenda

> Are there any remarks somebody came across apart from the points in the agenda?

## Points of action

> The following things have to be done/considered:
- Improve user experience.
- Start working on required things for Demo 3.




## Any other business

> Are there any other points to discuss?
## Question round

> Questions for Clinton:
- Is it worth using Neo4J next to PostgreSQL for relations?

## Closing
> Next official meeting is next week Monday.